Now a erase startup config erases the startup config on the switch or router.
So on my router show startup-config
shows output, so I can see that I’m using so many bytes out of so many bytes.
So there’s my startup config
erase startup config
I'm told that erasing the nvram filesystem
will remove all configuration files.
I’m gonna hit enter to continue.
We can see in the output that nvram has been erased
and we can see that there's been the initialization of the geometry of nvram.
So now sh start shows that startup config is not present.
wr is a shorthand command for write memory
so could’ve type right memory, which is an older command
that once again is easier to use and quicker than typing copy running config
startup config and confirming the save of current config to NVRAM.
So now if I type sh start my config is there
once again erase startup config erases the configuration
so sh start shows me that the config is not present.
If I reloaded the router at this point
it would boot up with no configuration
as the startup config has been erased.
Running config is stored in RAM which is lost when the router is rebooted
so it’s good practice to save your configuration on regular bases.